add callout to agents.md (#7977)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_install-dbt-extension.md

- **Ready to run a dbtf debug?** (If there is an existing `profiles.yml` file): Validates that your project is configured correctly and can connect to your data warehouse.
- **Ready to run a dbtf parse?**: Your dbt project will be parsed to check for compatibility with <Constant name="fusion" />.
    - If any issues are encountered during the parsing, you'll be given the option to run the [dbt-autofix](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-autofix?tab=readme-ov-file#installation) tool to resolve the errors. If you opt to not run the tool during the upgrade processes, you can always run it later or manually fix any errors. However, the upgrade tool cannot continue until the errors are resolved.
        :::tip AI Agents

>         There are cases where dbt-autofix may not resolve all errors and requires manual intervention. For those cases, the dbt-autofix tool provides an [AI Agents.md](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-autofix/blob/main/AGENTS.md) file for anyone interested in using AI agents to help with migration work after dbt-autofix has completed its part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        There are cases where dbt-autofix may not resolve all errors and requires manual intervention. For those cases, the dbt-autofix tool provides an [AI Agents.md](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-autofix/blob/main/AGENTS.md) file to enable AI agents to help with migration work after dbt-autofix has completed its part.
```
